README.md, before:

# Project 2: Open Data App - an RShiny app development project

### [Project Description](doc/project2_desc.md)

![screenshot](doc/screenshot2.png)

In this second project of GR5243 Applied Data Science, we develop an *Exploratory Data Analysis and Visualization* shiny app on a topic of your choice using U.S. government open data released on the [data.gov](https://data.gov/) website. See [Project 2 Description](project2_desc.md) for more details.  

*The above general statement about project 2 can be removed once you are finished with your project. It is optional.

## Project Title ??
Term: Spring 2017

+ Team #
+ **Projec title**: + Team members
	+ Ruxue Peng
	+ Raphael Xiv
	+ Xiaowo Sun
	+ Bowen Huang
	+ Terry Li

+ **Project summary**: laborum.

+ **Contribution statement**: ([default](doc/a_note_on_contributions.md)) All team members contributed equally in all stages of this project. All team members approve our work presented in this GitHub repository including this contributions statement. 

Following [suggestions](http://nicercode.github.io/blog/2013-04-05-projects/) by [RICH FITZJOHN](http://nicercode.github.io/about/#Team) (@richfitz). This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── app/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
└── output/
```

To reproduce the result, please see each subfolder for a README file.

Commit message:

Add url for data source

README.md, after:

# Project 2: Open Data App - an RShiny app development project

### [Project Description](doc/project2_desc.md)

![screenshot](doc/screenshot2.png)

In this second project of GR5243 Applied Data Science, we develop an *Exploratory Data Analysis and Visualization* shiny app on a topic of your choice using U.S. government open data released on the [data.gov](https://data.gov/) website. See [Project 2 Description](project2_desc.md) for more details.  

Our data is found from data.gov, the url of the website is [data.gov](http://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/statistics/country/sitc/index.html).

## Project Title 
## Trace of Aroma - World Trade with U.S.
Term: Spring 2017

+ Team #
+ **Trace of Aroma - World Trade with U.S.**: + Team members
	+ Ruxue Peng
	+ Raphael Xiv
	+ Xiaowo Sun
	+ Bowen Huang
	+ Terry Li

+ **Project summary**: laborum.

+ **Contribution statement**: ([default](doc/a_note_on_contributions.md)) All team members contributed equally in all stages of this project. All team members approve our work presented in this GitHub repository including this contributions statement. 

Following [suggestions](http://nicercode.github.io/blog/2013-04-05-projects/) by [RICH FITZJOHN](http://nicercode.github.io/about/#Team) (@richfitz). This folder is orgarnized as follows.

```
proj/
├── app/
├── lib/
├── data/
├── doc/
└── output/
```

To reproduce the result, please see each subfolder for a README file.
